Alexa's 4/6 talk script
{Slide 1}
Hello everyone, thanks for coming to this presentation. My name is Alexa and I'll be talking about Cactus Virus X today, which is the virus I've been studying for the past two years. (0:12)
{Slide 2}
Acknowledgments: 
Before we start, I need to thank Dr. Boris Igic, my advisor, who has so graciously been guiding me through the process of this research. I'd also like to thank Karolis Ramanauskas for his continued support and advice on my code. (0:25)
{Slide 3}
You may have heard of Christmas, or Easter, cacti, or seen them, or perhaps you even own some. They are members of the genus Schlumbergera, and our lab studies have focused on a population of Schlumbergera truncata, which Dr. Igic has been studying for a separate project. The individual on the right, named H6, is one of our "lab cacti". This plant has some physical differences from the one on the left, however, notably its wilting and reddened stems. This plant, when we sampled it, had high levels of a virus called Cactus Virus X. (0:59)
{Slide 4}
Other cacti that are commonly infected with CVX include some really important crop plants, shown here. You might have eaten some of these, or seen them at the store. There's some dragonfruit, cactus pads, and prickly pear fruit, and I've also included the live plants being sold as houseplants.
{Slide 5}
We know very little about the transmission of CVX, or how it might jump from plant to plant. We also don't know why the virus infects some plants worse than others -- we have found CVX in cacti that look otherwise normal, so these can potentially act as asymptomatic carriers of the virus. 
We are also trying to figure out the relationship between CVX and other plant viruses. 
{Slide 6]
Here is the phylogeny that I have assembled based on 1) Sequences from publicly available databases of viruses, 2) Publicly available plant samples that incidentally contain CVX -- the publishers of the data didn't even know their plants were infected!, and 3) Samples from our own lab cacti, like H6, who you met earlier. 


